Task5:

1. 
Explain what your data structure for the memory map / region set is. 
What are the costs to insert/remove/change/search for regions?

(1) We apply a simple linked list to store all the added region sets, that is, we use a "nk_space_region_t" type data member
in each node to store the region, and a "region_node_t*" type pointer point to the next node with the same data structure.

(2) Costs for add/remove/change/search are generally all O(n).
For add region, we iterate through all region we stored, and only if no overlapping, we add/insert the region to the head of the linked list. 
For remove/change/search, we all need to do the full iteration from head to end to find the target region we want.



2. Explain how your implementation handles the following situations/questions:

a).
add_region that has a virtual memory overlap with an existing region in the memory map

Algorithm will skip the region we try to add and return -1 which is an error, since virtual memory overlapping is not allowed. 
Through the iteration of the whole linked list, once we find any existing region's virtual address overlapped, we stop and return the error immediately.



b).
add_region that has a physical memory overlap with an existing region in the memory map

Algorithm allow this operation, and will successfully add the region. 
When iterating the linked list, we only compare the virtual address of the added region with existing ones.



c).
move_region on the current thread’s address space where the move would end up causing a
physical memory overlap. This is for a move involving multiple pages.

Move region operation will find the certain region, change its physical address to the new one, and drill the page table. 
It still allows physical overlapping, which will eventually looks like two region with different virtual address but end up with same physical address, 
which is somewhat like add two eager regions in the "add_region" operation.



d).
protect_region on a non-existent region. How do you find out it is non-existent?

We do the iteration from head to end through the linked list that stored all the exsiting regions. 
If the iteration finishes, and the tracing pointer ends up a NULL, we don't find the target region. 
In such a case, we return -1 immediately, which is an error means the target region is not existing.



e).
when is it necessary to flush the whole TLB (move to cr3) ?

When we have a full modification/addition/removement or any other operation towards a entire set of page table, 
for instance, if we successfully add a new region and drill its corresponding page table.



f).
when is it necessary to flush a single page from the TLB (invlpg) ?

When we only want a partial modification/addition/removement or any other operation towards our page table, 
for instance, if we do "remove_region", we only modify our inner data structure, and change "present value" for corresponding entries.



g).
what happens if a valid delete_region request is for a region that contains %rip? What
will happen after the paging library code completes?

%rip (instruction pointer register) points to the next instruction to execute.  

- After the delete_region request, nothing happens. 
This is because our implementation for remove_region only modifies our inner data structure and the page tables for the deleted region,
while the data in the physical address leaves unchanged.

- After the paging library code completes,
the %rip could not be accessed through the virtual addresses in the deleted region, unless we provide a new region.
The execution of code will not be influenced since we don't change data in the physical address.
